#### 使用logging_tree来查看log hander分布情况

Introspection for the `logging` logger tree in the Standard Library.

You can install this package with the standard `pip` command:

```
$ pip install logging_tree
```

While you can write programs that call this package’s `tree()` function and examine the hierarchy of logger objects that it finds inside of the Standard Library `logging` module, the simplest use of this package for debugging is to call `printout()` to print the loggers, filters, and handlers that your application has configured:

```
>>> logging.getLogger('a')
>>> logging.getLogger('a.b').setLevel(logging.DEBUG)
>>> logging.getLogger('x.c')
>>> from logging_tree import printout
>>> printout()
<--""
   Level WARNING
   |
   o<--"a"
   |   Level NOTSET so inherits level WARNING
   |   |
   |   o<--"a.b"
   |       Level DEBUG
   |
   o<--[x]
       |
       o<--"x.c"
           Level NOTSET so inherits level WARNING
```

The logger tree should always print successfully, no matter how complicated. A node whose `[name]` is in square brackets is a “place holder” that has never actually been named in a `getLogger()` call, but was created automatically to serve as the parent of loggers further down the tree.

There are several interfaces that `logging_tree` supports, depending on how much detail you need.

```
logging_tree.printout(node=None)
```

> Prints the current logger tree, or the tree based at the given node, to the standard output.

```
logging_tree.format.build_description(node=None)
```

> Builds and returns the multi-line description of the current logger tree, or the tree based at the given `node`, as a single string with newlines inside and a newline at the end.

```
logging_tree.format.describe(node)
```

> A generator that yields a series of lines that describe the tree based at the given `node`. Note that the lines are returned without newline terminators attached.

```
logging_tree.tree()
```

> Fetch the current tree of loggers from the `logging` module. Returns a node, that is simply a tuple with three fields:
>
> `[0]` the logger name (`""` for the root logger).
>
> `[1]` the `logging.Logger` object itself.
>
> `[2]` a list of zero or more child nodes.